being in the military is kind of like what it depicts on the TV for a
lot in a lot of aspects. So, for instance, um, there's the Brotherhood.
Uh, that's absolutely true. Uh, there's, ah, stable paycheck. That's
also right there is exploring different parts of the country that
all of that is absolutely true. And you'll check all those boxes.
Um, What I have found that the preconception that I had coming in that
hasn't been true is, um Well, I want to say the fitness, we're all
kind of fit, and I think we're generally more fit than the rest of
society. However, I thought like you'd be big and strong and, you
know, exercising every day. And, um, that's not quite true. In the Navy,
at least it might be for the Army or the Marines or other services.
But for the Navy, um, generally, you're stationed on an aircraft
care and there are tons of electric of exercise equipment, no doubt,
and you can go at five o'clock in the morning and you can see it's
full. They also give you lots of Jim facilities that people go through
all the time. I was in the basketball court almost everyday. However,
um, it's generally not so required that you're exercising, um,
with everybody at the whole time. My dad was in the Army and I actually
saw his whole crew like running around the building, run around
the camps and things, So I thought I'd have a similar experience with
the Navy. But that's actually not true. Generally your physical
fitness is more your own thing, and you could just get tested on it
a lot.